hi so I'm sure most of you watching this
have already seen the movie and for
those of you who haven't you probably
don't care or we're snapped into another
dimension so like the title says big
spoilers I break down everything every
emotion every tear of this movie that I
would give a complete combo price too
even if I'm not super convinced with
that ending let me explain
so this thing is part one right this is
something that they announced way back
in the day before they changed it for
some reason because I guess they want to
have a specific secret sequel title but
it definitely is the prequel to the
actual war it's the battle plans it's
the appetizer if you will now that ain't
really a bad thing because in this movie
right in the beginning
Thanos pulls up on Thor's ship like a
bloody [ __ ] on dudes work in the purple
suit and even though he's a dick boy he
moves quick literally kills everyone on
that ship so that quote that they gave
us a last Thor movie about as guarding a
place at the people for all they're all
dead now
and of course Daniels would take out the
black dude first our IP address
he then freaking kills Loki puny gods
Hulk before he sent out on that rainbow
road back to earth and then he treats
Thor's head like the monsters treated
Michael Jordan's in Space Jam just so he
can add a rock to his yugioh glove
collection how does he though why is why
is this thing in a cube when really just
looks like a small glow-in-the-dark
foody pebble back on earth these guys
then have to face Stannis's adopted
white Walker of a son who wants
Strange's infinity stone and since Bruce
randomly suffers from erectile Hawk's
function and can't get it up they didn't
have cover [ __ ] and take him into space
now Iron Man and Peter both got to make
it on the ship and even though some have
complained about spider-man's new suit I
think it looks dope it's a spacesuit so
it makes sense even though y'all admit
he looks like Doc Ock and I think from a
wild wild west Peter keeps doing that
thing where he drops hold movie
references and they space vacuum
Squidward out of the ship just like in
aliens and they eventually meet up with
the guardians of the galaxy
some of the guardians of the galaxy
before this they had actually met up
with Thor we got a lot of characters and
chris pratt's since he's been putting a
lot away as decided to instead write in
more jokes about him getting fat instead
of renewing his lifetime membership and
while they again also split we learn
when we're with them that Gamora is the
only person who knows where the final
infinity stone is and she gets dragged
there by Thanos who tecnique
our daddy but he don't care when he's
asked to sacrifice the one thing you
love the most in order to get this stone
and the Duke Sparta kicks Fiona in space
in order to collect NX Dragon Ball
panels and faces these guys on his home
planet that's all dust now he'll oh
Wayne's them as he picks up the moon and
drops it on their heads and before
killing Tony right as he's about to dr.
strange is like yo yo yo chill take this
stone everything's all good also I read
the script and there's that one time
line that I saw where we all live and
this is kind of what we got to do in
order to win Thanos takes it and then
heads to earth where vision and Wanda
have been trying to figure out how to
have a baby without it getting a
computer virus when a gang of Magic the
Gathering elves attacks them for the
rupee on his forehead now you would
think that Ultron as we saw in the
second Avengers being the powerful
person being thing that he is he would
be able to take these goons down but now
however Captain America shows up looking
hot as hell
dudes rocking that beard that would make
your mother drop out of high school so
she can tour with him in his band these
guys then I'll reunite rody can walk
again and they head to Wakanda in order
to get the stone out of vision's head
when Thanos his kids pull up with these
xenomorph looking things acting like the
zombies and World War Z trying to get in
what kind of been open for two months
and this is what happens movie then
turns into World of Warcraft this shot
never happens in the movie so they start
getting their an assembled rumbled and
tumbled and it seems like all hope is
gone and everything is just gonna go to
dust but wait there's Thor Thor in the
meantime has been chilling with Tyrion
the Giants who up in space has some
Valyrian steel and he creates a new
hammer for him after Groot Skywalker's
his arm and he comes in like
wreckit-ralph to save the day proving
that he's not only the strongest the
funniest looking but the fiercest
Avenger out there and clearly the best
one until the Dano shows up now I made a
whole ending explain video to this so
I'll keep it brief since you can click
on that one right there for all the
theories but Wanda if you could've
disintegrated vision stone but you were
having trouble with that why not just
focus on the stones that were on Thanos
his hand I'm gonna do is wearing a glove
for crying out loud
someone just dance and distract them
have somebody else come from behind and
tickle his purple bot hold and swipe
that glove right off I mean adding
fitted it's pretty big he
Oh J hands but instead Thanos is able to
collect all of them and since he
believes in the Holocaust he decides to
snap his fingers like t-pain and the
whole theater was in pain heroes start
disintegrating like KOCO movie turns
into season four of the leftovers as
half the people start getting raptured
off this earth and I get it y'all
decided to take all of the heroes that
we didn't think we're going to die
because we thought they had sequels and
you left the og Avengers who we thought
would bite it you then ended on Thanos
chillin on taffy T and then cut to black
boy now like I said I know everything's
going to be okay
this is just part one and I have that
video like I said where I discuss
everything that I'm pretty sure is going
to happen and everything's gonna be okay
so don't cry but the more I think about
it if these are Earth's Mightiest Heroes
if Thanos is looking like a purple devil
if prophecies are being fulfilled and
people are being raptured does that mean
that Jesus is coming back is Jesus gonna
be the hero who kills Thanos is if
interest for our pure flix film thank
you guys for checking out this video as
always definitely let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section what your favorite scene in the
movie was if it lived up to your
expectations all that stuff I definitely
loved it that was a crazy ride a bunch
of emotions but that ending I mean they
even ended on the logo they ended it at
a freaking time do you Roman font like
it's a freaking Shakespearean play I
don't know let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section what
you want me to cover next don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and I'll
send you a red skull